i've been able to drastically increase
the average order value on my shopify
store that does over a hundred thousand
dollars per month resulting in a ton of
extra profit for my brand so here are
three techniques to instantly start
making more money by simply increasing
the average amount a customer spends on
your website what is good guys back with
another value packed ecommerce video if
you guys are new to the channel welcome
my name is andy and if you're interested
in getting your shopify store to the
next level you are in for a treat
because that is my objective
in my opinion by far the most effective
way to make more money on your shopify
store is by simply increasing the
average amount a customer spends on your
website with a few basic strategies that
i'm about to cover in this video and
we're gearing up for the most important
time of the year for ecommerce brands q4
quarter four which consists of the major
holidays meaning that it's gonna be a
perfect time to start implementing these
strategies on your own shopify stores to
ensure that you're gonna make the most
money you possibly can during this
season so without further ado let's just
hop right into this video so the first
way to instantly start making more money
on your shopify store is by testing
various free shipping minimum spends to
encourage your customers to spend more
money to achieve that rate inherently
increasing your average order value so a
shopify app that i use to split test
various shipping prices and minimum
spends is ship scout it's super cool
because you can split test between
different free shipping minimum order
values and see those conversion rates on
those two options then go ahead and pick
your winner so what we can do is hop
into my computer and download and set up
this app so we're gonna go here
to apps
on my example store we're gonna type in
ship scout that's the one right here
with 15 reviews seven day free trial so
we definitely utilize that free trial
we're gonna go at the app after
that free trial it's 49 per month and
what you can even do is before that
seventh day before they charge you is
split test raise free shipping prices
and by the time that they're gonna
charge you you can just go ahead and
cancel and you're gonna try that for
free all right so ready to create our
first test we're gonna create a test
free shipping threshold we're gonna
choose this one
variant option number one i'm gonna go
with fifty dollars variant option number
two we can put seventy five dollars or
you can do seventy five dollars and a
hundred dollars just depends on your
average order value i would say if you
have a higher average order value then
you could go with a hundred dollars to
150 dollars but if you have a lower
average order value you can start with
50 to 75 or 75 to 100 so those are the
two variant a is 50 variant b is 75
and then you can go ahead and turn this
off do not offer flat rate shipping
and then this just depends on where you
want the zone so you can do domestic you
do rest of the world
for now i'm just gonna put domestic and
then this is what you would name it so
i'm gonna name it
free shipping and then you can put here
business one to two business days two to
four business days but
once they hit this threshold fifty
dollars seventy five dollars then
they're going to see this free shipping
option and if they don't reach that
amount that minimum amount minimum spend
amount then they're not going to see it
so what's going to happen is 1 000 views
1 000 views on variant a and variant b
and then from there you can figure out
which one was the winner which one had
the highest conversion rate so we're
gonna go hit
next and then we're gonna go and launch
the test and as you can see here you are
brought to the dashboard and make sure
you don't have conflicting shipping
options because you're just going to
confuse the customer if you're already
charging free shipping you're going to
want to remove that so here you're going
to be able to see the visitor conversion
rate profit per visitor revenue per
visitor so i would allow this funnel to
run for at least
a week or at least six days before they
charge you on that seventh day and you
can go ahead and see whether or not your
average order value increased at option
a or option b and then you can choose
the winner and continue to use the
winning variant you can go at 50 and you
can go out 75 you don't even have to
have the app anymore you just go ahead
and change it manually on your settings
but that's pretty much how you'd set up
ship scout and it's a very intuitive way
to go in and test different free
shipping variant options so that's
pretty much for app number one let's go
into app number two so the next way to
start generating more money on your
stores is by offering a post purchase
upsell to every customer that completes
the purchase on your store the reason
why i post purchase upsell is so
effective is because it does not hinder
the customer buyer experience meaning
that there's no drop off so the customer
does not see the offer for another
product or the same product discount
until they've already completed the
purchase and the paid an app i like to
use to implement my post purchase
upsells is zip file one click upsell
i've been using it for a long time i
really like the app it's made me a lot
of money and the user interface is super
easy to use so let's go and hop into the
computer and set up our first funnel all
right so let's go in on shopify and set
up our first zip file one click upsell
funnel our post purchase upsell so we're
gonna go on to apps i'm gonna go
download it by one click upsell once we
get to the dashboard we're gonna hit
this little funnel bar
the funnel icon and it's going to lead
us to
creating our first funnel so we're going
to hit create funnel
we're going to go ahead and select our
trigger product so our trigger product
is going to be the product that we are
pushing out the most the product page
that gets the most traction whatever you
are selling the most of is going to be
your trigger products we're going to add
our trigger product
in my case it's going to be the uv phone
sterilizer we're going to add that
and here we are going to go ahead and
save it that's our trigger product it's
been saved we're going to go back and
then we're going to go ahead to not our
pre-purchase we're going to do a
pre-purchase we're going to post
purchase upsell offer one we're going to
create our offer and here we can add a
product to the order add one of three
products to the order
we're copying an existing offer we don't
have any existing offers so what i'm
going to do in this case is add a
product to the order i'm going to add a
complimentary product
or a product that would go along
with this product or you could add the
same product at a discount so you can do
buy one get one in this case for the
example i'm going to do a product that
is similar the uv sterilizing wand
i'm gonna add it and the incentive here
is i'm going to add a discount so we
have the offer right here
but we can go ahead and
edit this offer page
we can change up the text but i'm going
to go in and add a discount so we're
going to add
a percentage discount in this case i'm
going to put 15
at the savings level you can't see the
preview because i have the store locked
but in your case you will be able to see
it okay so we're going to save that
and what you can even do here is split
test between
two various products so i'm gonna do
that right now i'm gonna set this up for
you i'm gonna create a split test a
different product not the same product
i'm gonna create an offer add a product
to the order in this case i'm gonna do
the uv cleaning robot okay and since
it's a little bit more expensive i'm
going to
rather than do 15 i'm going to be doing
so i'm gonna edit this offer page got it
buy box one scroll down
discount percentage and just like ship
scout you can go in and
test split test between these two
options see where the conversion rate is
highest what people are going in and
buying where to start the split test and
it's going to be 50 50 and then by the
end of the week by the end of two weeks
you can see the conversion rate you can
see the views and how much each offer
brought in and then from there let's say
everyone is buying uv sterilizing one i
can choose that as a winner choose a
winner we're gonna go with option a we
can keep this variant here and you also
have the option to do a post purchase
down sell offer if someone says no to
the uv serializing wand or the uv
cleaning robot they're going to see
another offer right here i highly
suggest adding that and if they say yes
to the uv sterilizing one you can add a
post purchase of some offer number two
and you can also add a thank you page
offer but i suggest not going too crazy
on offers you don't want to feel like
spam
so find that perfect median but this is
a great way to increase your average
order value and take advantage of every
customer that gets onto your website the
last but not least way in which you can
use increase in the aov to generate more
income for your store is by increasing
the price of your product i'm sure that
sounds super intuitive but you need to
find that perfect medium to where your
product has a high perceived value but
at the same time your customers don't
think your product is too expensive to
where they won't buy it entirely so
there are a bunch of apps that you can
use to split test the various prices
week to week and then see the conversion
rates that each price is getting now
what we can do is go into my computer
and download the app called dexter all
right so once we're at home we're gonna
go to apps we're gonna type in dexter
we're gonna go ahead and download this
app all right it's dexter a b price
testing app at the app it's free to
install but they are going to charge you
so i do suggest
that you see whether or not it's worth
it for you
to proceed with the pricing when you go
over the pricing right now next next
then we're gonna exit all right so we're
gonna go ahead and create my first test
all right so we're gonna go and select a
product that we wanna split test pricing
on we're gonna go with the uv phone
sterilizer product that we are quite
quite selling the most and here you can
either do five dollars 10 16
price difference you can enter a custom
amount so i'm going to go ahead and
increase the price and i'm going to do
it by an amount of let's say five
dollars all right 4.99
next step all right so now we have the
original at 54.99 and then we have the
test at 59.98 we're gonna have 50 50 of
the traffic is gonna go on to each so
they're gonna evenly be distributed and
then we're going to be able to see which
one performed better so next we're going
to launch the test all right so then
it's going to take some time we're just
going to go back and view all of our
tests so we have test number one it's
going to be in review and then it's
going to get approved so it's a very
self-explanatory app you know you go
ahead and create a test you can go
select your product next and then you
can go ahead and play with price
increments you can do increase price
decrease price play around with it get a
hang of it it's very easy to use but
what i want to talk about is the pricing
because they do charge a decent amount
i'm gonna go to billing real quick so as
you can see they charge 399 for every
100 visitors to price test so this can
definitely add up now if you guys don't
want to do this what you can simply do
is manually do it on your own website we
can go to my website right here we're
gonna go to products and then we can
kind of take note week by week let's say
week one we wanna test the uv phone
sterilizer we'll test it we'll go here
we can change the price from 54.99 to
59.99 we'll set it here for a week and
then let your traffic run for a whole
entire week we can go to analytics right
it's kind of the same thing right here
and we can let's say we run it for seven
days we check the past seven days last
seven days
and then what you can go down is check
the conversion rate and compare it week
to week you're gonna have to have two
weeks right so you're gonna check the
first week we have the price at 59.99
and then we're going to go we can go
back to the same product
we're on week two and then we can drop
it down to 54.99 and then you go ahead
and compare the conversion rates from
week to week if you do not want to be
paying 3.99 per 100 visitors but those
are two options in which you can go
ahead and split test various pricing you
can do the freeway or you can use dexter
if you have the budget to pay for dexter
you can go ahead and do that but uh
another way like i said we can go into
analytics and test week by week check
the conversion rates from the change in
prices but other than that it's very
important to be testing out various
prices because you obviously don't want
your products to be too cheap to where
there's no perceived value but at the
same time you want to get as many
customers you want to get as many sales
as you can now with the implementation
of these three techniques you guys
should be able to start generating more
money for e-commerce brands instantly if
you guys have any other tips that you've
been trying that have been useful shoot
them down below i love hearing new
insight and learning myself if you've
enjoyed this video drop a like don't
forget to subscribe i've been pushing
out weekly videos i'm gonna continue to
do so i've had so much fun doing them
but this week i am traveling from korea
to italy quite a long ways going from
asia back to europe so it's gonna get
pretty exhausting i'm gonna try and push
out another banger this week please do
be mindful but i guess i'll see you guys
in rome peace
[Applause]
you